[anticipatory music]
[wind whooshing]
[electricity crackling]
[electricity humming]
[text clacking]
[dynamic music]
[ethereal music]
[birds chirping]
[gentle music]
[guests chattering]
[rings clinking]
[Woman] You look stunning.
- I still can't believe
how fast his day's come.
[music continues]
[Hardin] "Love is patient.
Love is kind.
It does not envy and
it does not boast.
It's not proud.
It does not dishonor others.
It's not self-seeking.
It is not easily angered,
and it keeps no
record of wrongs.
Love does not delight in evil,
but rejoices with the truth.
It always protects,
always trusts,
always hopes and
always perseveres.
Love never fails."
But I failed us, Tess.
- [Tessa] How long have
you been writing about us?
[soft melancholy music]
[Hardin] After we kissed.
Are you fucking kidding me?
[Hardin] Where are you going?
I'm done.
We're just a bomb
waiting to explode.
This was a wake up call.
You would never let me read
what you were writing in there,
and now the whole world gets to!
- I never meant for
it to be published.
Fuck, this never should
have happened like this.
You accidentally wrote a book,
and then you shopped it around
to publishers without asking me.
- What is the point in
everything we've been through
if we can't channel that into
something that helps people?
It's never too late.
People can always change.
That is the kind of
story "After" is.
"After?"
- It's my journey
after I met you.
I think that journey's over.
[Tessa's voice echoing]
[solemn music]
[air whooshing]
[door closes]
- [Hardin] My failure
was thinking
that I was writing
my journey, my story,
but it was our story, Tess.
[solemn music]
[objects rummaging]
But I know our story
isn't finished.
Even if you've moved on,
[drawer slams]
I can't.
I can't imagine my
world without you
because without you
there is only me,
broken,
lost,
and alone.
Without you,
I have no after.
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
♪ Do you feel let go
♪ Oh
♪ When the lights get low
Welcome.
Can I get you a table?
I might have one.
Hi, darling.
Katherine.
- It's a wonder I could
get you outta the house.
Hopefully all that time
you spent holed
up in there means
you're closing in on a draft?
I'll do a whiskey.
And I'll do an Aperol spritz.
Hardin, everyone at
Dowlish is dying to see it,
and I'm afraid I can't
keep putting people off,
not if we're gonna make
it to print by Christmas.
- You know, Harper
Lee didn't publish
her second novel
for 55 years, so-
- People's attention spans are
like fruit flies these days.
You're hot right now, but we
have to ride the "After" wave.
Otherwise it's another
10 months, two years,
whatever it is,
they'll forget you ever existed.
Seems fickle.
Yeah, it is.
You have a tiny
window of relevance
and it's dwindling every day.
Can't rush greatness can you?
I can when I've given you
a quarter million
dollar advance.
It was pounds.
[ice cubes rattling]
I thought you were sober?
I was.
Cheers.
[glasses clinking]
[upbeat music]
[singer singing indistinctly]
- Come on, I'm only
here for one night.
Another round.
- I don't think I
can keep up anymore.
Lightweight.
- Nay Nay?
- Teacup?
God, you look amazing.
- [Kat] I went vegan.
- [Naomi] I've been telling you.
- Hardin, this is Naomi.
We went to college together.
Well, not exactly together.
[Kat laughs]
Let's take shots.
Tequila or vodka?
[upbeat music]
[glasses clinking]
[Naomi and Kat] Cheers.
♪ All I need is your love
Oh, that is my shit!
♪ All I need is
your love tonight ♪
♪ Woo
♪ All I need is
your love tonight ♪
♪ Is your love
♪ All I need is
your love tonight ♪
[music fades]
[soft melancholy music]
[upbeat club music
playing faintly]
[soft melancholy music]
- Come on.
- Yes, come on.
I don't dance.
Relax, we'll do the dancing.
♪ All I need is
your love tonight ♪
♪ All I need
[soft melancholy music]
Let's get out of here.
[Tessa] Let's get out of here.
♪ Is your love tonight
[jazzy music]
- That's what I got.
- I'll never let go [laughs].
[Kat] Let's get some music on.
[Naomi] Oh, yeah, nice flat.
- Thank you.
- Mm hm.
[phone vibrating]
[phone beeps]
♪ Let me hold you down
Who's that?
No one.
Could you put it back?
Doesn't look like a no one.
Well, let me see.
Aw, pretty.
I said put it back.
- Raw, raw, raw, eh?
- Feisty.
You could do with
some loosening up.
♪ No, I don't wanna be alone
♪ I don't wanna be alone
♪ Oh
[plates clattering]
[Naomi] Shh.
It'll take an act of God
to wake him after what
he drank last night.
Do you think he's okay?
- [Kat] That's a nice
way of putting it.
- [Naomi] Okay, he's
a hot fucking mess.
Oh, don't even get me started.
I mean, he's completely
lost without Tessa,
but like, honey,
[Hardin's throat clears]
you're never getting her back.
[Hardin sighs]
[food sizzling]
Look who's back from the dead.
Fuck.
I see you've raided my closet.
[Kat chuckles]
[horn honking]
Ibuprofen?
[pills rattling]
- I've got a meeting so
you can let yourselves out.
- We didn't really
get a chance to talk.
I'm gonna need a rough
draft of the book ASAP.
Otherwise you're gonna have
to pay the advance back.
Yeah, got it.
♪ I'll take your hand
♪ Under the sand,
under the sand ♪
♪ Claw my nails in your thigh
♪ Under the sand,
under the sand ♪
Meeting with the parents.
This should be fun.
Just the hour late then.
I'm here now.
I'll have a whiskey.
[Hardin sighs]
What?
- When did you start
drinking again?
Oh, it's fine, Mom.
It's all in moderation,
don't worry.
- It doesn't smell
like moderation.
- Not that you ever did much
in the way of parenting,
but I'm not a child.
I can do what I want.
It was one night.
Cheers.
- Hair of the dog
never hurt anyone.
- Just putting off
the inevitable.
Not if I keep at it.
Why are you even here, anyway?
You two gonna run off together?
- [scoffs] Why
would you say that?
We're both happily married.
Are you?
[Hardin smirks]
- Your father was-
- Wait.
Which father are you
talking about right now?
- Stop being an
asshole to your mom.
I'm here meeting
some board members.
They're talking about me opening
a London branch of
Vance Publishing.
The ever expanding empire.
- I've heard a rumor
that you're nearly
a year behind on delivering
your new manuscript.
- Well, don't believe
everything you hear.
Are you lying to me?
No, I'm not lying.
I was just giving you
some general life advice.
But yeah, to be
fair, in this case,
what you hear does
happen to be true.
- Hardin, what the fuck
is going on with you?
We're just trying to help you.
We can't do that if we
don't know what's going on.
- I don't really know
what's going on either.
I keep on trying to write
and every time I do,
everything just ends
up going back to Tessa.
I keep rewriting the
old stuff, you know?
The same things, what
ifs and hypotheticals
don't really matter
in the end, do they?
Because anyway I look at it,
she's not here and
nothing matters
in this world if
she's not in it.
I don't have another book in me.
I never did.
I think it was all a fluke.
And it's okay if you don't.
You have a gift.
All writers go through this.
Do they?
How the hell would, you know?
You haven't written a
damn thing in your life.
- But I have spent my entire
career finding diamonds
in the slush pile, and I
know talent when I see it.
[phone vibrating]
[Christian sighs]
Look, let me get in
touch with Dowlish
and see if I can do a deal.
- No.
- Ease your deadline.
You can come over to us and
take as long as you need.
We've been over this.
- I don't want to.
- Hardin, if you cannot-
[phone vibrating]
Go on, just go.
- You can't-
- Just go.
You need to.
- I do have to go actually,
because you were late.
- [Trish] No, no, I've
got this, I've got this.
[ice cubes clinking]
Waiter, I'll have another.
I'm around, all right?
If you need me, give me a call.
[hand taps]
[patrons chattering]
[ice cubes clinking]
- You know, a change of scenery
might do you some good,
might be inspiring to just
get out of here for a while.
A bit a distance might
give you new perspective,
might help you make peace with
your past so you can move on.
[solemn music]
I'm not ready to move on yet.
- No, I know, I didn't
mean in regard to...
I meant move forward.
Yeah, just let go of
some of your regrets
so you can stop dragging
them into your future.
I met Nathalie over Christmas.
She asked after you.
How is she?
- Well, we only spoke
for a couple of minutes,
but she seemed good.
She moved to Lisbon.
- Lisbon?
- Mm.
[Trish] Portugal.
I know where Lisbon is, Mom.
I just meant...
- Well, I guess she was
ready for a fresh start.
[energetic music]
♪ What kind of a
person have I become ♪
♪ The ghost of an outlaw
♪ Who's captured in love
♪ Now that I can
see everything ♪
♪ The way that it was
♪ Oo, I would do anything
♪ To take back the
things that I've done ♪
♪ Well, I hold the test, baby
♪ Lost everything that I have
[laptop slams]
[punches thudding]
♪ Well I played
around too much ♪
♪ And now I'm pullin' you back
♪ Now, I've taken everything
[music distorts]
[pensive music]
[punches thudding]
[Hardin screams]
♪ Let's start [indistinct]
♪ And playin' around
♪ I'd just stop
drinkin' and gamblin' ♪
♪ To earn back your love
[airplane engine whooshing]
♪ Into [indistinct]
- [Flight Attendant] Would
you like to order a meal?
We have two options today.
I'll just do another round.
- [Flight Attendant]
Liquid lunch then.
You can just keep 'em comin'.
- [Flight Attendant] Who
are you trying to forget?
[Hardin] How obvious is it?
Call it female intuition.
Do you wanna talk about it?
Not particularly, no.
Well, if you change your mind,
I will just be up there,
or you can press
that call button.
[curtain rungs clinking]
[mellow music]
♪ I don't care who
you came with ♪
♪ As long as I'm
leavin' with you ♪
♪ Oh
♪ Maybe we could make
some bad decisions ♪
♪ Baby
♪ I love how you're fuckin'
when you're jealous ♪
♪ Oh
♪ Got you in the mood,
feelin' hellish ♪
♪ And the moonlight got
us makin' bad decisions ♪
♪ Love the way you look
at your reflection ♪
♪ And lookin' back at
me like this is heaven ♪
♪ Got you in the mood,
feelin' hellish ♪
♪ And the moonlight got
us makin' bad decisions ♪
♪ Oo
♪ Oo, bad decisions
♪ Got us makin' bad decisions
♪ Oo
♪ Oo, bad decisions
♪ Got us makin' bad decisions
♪ Don't care who I came with
♪ No
♪ As long as I'm
leavin' with you ♪
♪ Oh
♪ Baby, we could make
some bad decisions ♪
♪ I love how you're fuckin'
when you're jealous ♪
♪ Got you in the mood,
feelin' hellish ♪
♪ And the moonlight got
us makin' bad decisions ♪
[Hardin gasps]
[seatbelt clicks]
- I was just fastening
your seatbelt.
We are on our final descent.
- [Pilot] We expect
an on time arrival
to Humberto Delgado
International Airport
where the temperature in Lisbon
is currently a sunny
22 degrees Centigrade.
On behalf of the airline,
we hope you enjoy
your stay in Portugal,
and we thank your
for flying with us.
[upbeat Spanish music]
[engines rumbling]
♪ These days I wear my body
like an uninvited guest ♪
♪ I turn it right,
and right, and right ♪
♪ Instead of turning left
♪ But, boy, your patience is
a magic kind of medicine ♪
♪ 'Cause every spiral brings
me back into your arms again ♪
♪ So, no regrets 'cause
you're my sunset, fiery red ♪
♪ Forever fearless
and in your arms ♪
♪ A warm horizon,
don't look back ♪
♪ Let's ride away,
let's ride away ♪
♪ Hey
♪ So many stories we were
told about a safety net ♪
♪ But when I look for it
♪ It's just a hand
that's holding mine ♪
♪ I'm wearing black to mourn
♪ The sudden loss of innocence
♪ And that's all right
♪ Because it hides the
dirt and hides the wine ♪
♪ So, no regrets
♪ 'Cause you're my
sunset, fiery red ♪
♪ Forever fearless
and in your arms ♪
♪ A warm horizon
♪ Don't look back
♪ Let's ride away,
let's ride away ♪
♪ Oo
♪ Oo, oo, oo, oo,
oo, oo, oo, oo ♪
♪ Oo, oo, oo, oo
♪ Oo, oo
♪ Oo, oo, oo, oo,
oo, oo, oo, oo ♪
♪ Oo, oo, oo, oo
♪ Oo, oo
♪ Oo, oo, oo, oo,
oo, oo, oo, oo ♪
♪ Oo, oo, oo, oo
♪ Oo, oo
♪ Oo, oo, oo, oo, oo, oo, oo
This fit is just stunning.
I mean, we can always
take it in a little bit
if you wanted to,
but I think this...
With the placement of the
seam, I think this is perfect.
Just give me one moment
and I'll be right with you.
- Sorry.
- Take your time.
Excuse me, would you?
[Customer] Okay.
What are you doing here?
Making amends.
I was hoping to.
- I'm in the middle
of an appointment.
You need to leave.
- [Hardin] I don't
need long, honestly.
- I just wanted to-
- [sighs] Please.
- I came all this
way to find you.
Please!
[solemn music]
[chuckles nervously] Hi.
[gentle music]
[pedestrians chattering]
[water splashing]
[engine rumbling]
[glasses clinking]
[air whooshing]
How you feelin', Hardin?
- Pocket kings.
- Fuck!
I'll be takin' that watch.
- Hey, man, don't
do him like that.
His old man gave it to him.
What? Bet's a bet.
[Hardin] Yep.
- It's all right,
you'll win it back.
- I'm not stupid enough
to wager something
I'm not willing to lose.
- Well, he didn't
have much else to bet.
- [James] Well, then he
shouldn't have played.
Well, I dunno what else to say.
[door closes]
I'm looking for Mark.
It's Mark Junior,
although little guy
doesn't like that much.
- Anyway, if you're
looking for my old man,
he's gone home for the day.
- I spoke to him on
the phone earlier
about my car and he said
that he would take a look.
- Okay, what do you
reckon's the problem?
The radiator.
I really wouldn't know.
It's making a awful
[tsking] sound.
- Oh, yeah, yeah-
- That junker looks
older than you.
It's hardly worth fixin'.
Back seats look
all right, though.
[Hardin] Oh, shut up, dude.
[James laughs]
- I'll come back.
- Yeah, you do that.
Looking forward to it.
See what you just did there?
- What?
- You're a mug.
What?
The Virgin fuckin'
Mary over there.
"I'll come back."
Yeah, she would if I
showed her the goods.
Yeah, right.
Girl like that, no way.
Got her legs crossed real tight.
Fuck off.
Yeah, like you
two could get her.
- [exhales] Well...
[James chuckles]
What do you mean well?
Well, what?
That fucking look, all right.
All right, I bet you this.
One time offer.
Let's do it.
But I'll need proof.
[Landon sighs]
[pensive music]
[engine rumbling]
[soft music]
[keyboard keys clacking]
[phone vibrating]
[kids chattering]
[upbeat music]
[indistinct singing]
[door slams]
- You know what would be
really sexy is if we...
Just so I can watch it
later and think of you.
Um...
- We don't have to,
if you don't want to.
No, no, it's fine.
I've just never...
It would just be for you, right?
Yeah.
Of course.
Okay.
[music continues]
[kids chattering]
[Nathalie exhales nervously]
Do you have a um, um...
[condom rapper rustling]
I really like you,
you know, Hardin?
Mm hm.
[Nathalie panting]
[soft music]
[engine rumbling]
- Hey.
- Hi.
[Nathalie speaking
in Portuguese]
[waiter speaking in Portuguese]
[Nathalie speaking
in Portuguese]
[waiter speaking in Portuguese]
I thought you were
making amends?
Yeah.
Guess that depends.
Depends on what?
You.
[gentle music]
So, where are you living now?
Camden.
- Yeah, I'm back in Camden.
- Oh, I heard that you moved.
Yeah, I did.
I kinda did the whole
tour of the U.S.
But I'm back now.
- So, which one do
you like the best?
It's gotta be this one.
Oh, come on.
Here, try this.
It's a sour cherry liquor.
It's Portuguese tradition.
Go on.
Oh, okay [laughs].
Oh, you...
Sorry [chuckles], my bad.
It's fine.
No, it's nice.
I like it.
I still prefer the whiskey.
[Nathalie] No.
- I'm a creature
of habit, aren't I?
Hm.
So, how did you end up here?
- I don't know if
I'll end up here.
Just seemed like a good
place to start over.
- You were on your
way to uni though, no?
- No, yeah, I was, but
I lost my scholarship
with everything going on,
and I didn't have time to
apply for a student loan.
And it turns out my support
system was conditional.
So, I picked a
place that was sunny
and affordable where
no one knew me,
and now here I am.
But this part I
was not expecting.
I did not think I
would see you again,
much less have a
catch up over drinks.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
- I don't really know
what else to say.
I'm just...
I know I fucked up and you
had to pay the consequences,
which, I mean,
I really fucking wish I could
just go back and then I-
And what?
I wouldn't...
[gentle music]
[Nathalie sighs]
I'm trying.
I am.
I'm trying to be
a better person.
I see.
Right, do you want some food
to soak up all this booze?
[Hardin chuckles]
Yeah?
[Hardin's throat clears]
Yeah.
Mm, that is delicious.
I can't believe I haven't
heard these before.
- [Nathalie] No, this is
like the best place ever.
And these?
I forgot what these were
called, but these are so good.
That is my fork.
[Hardin laughs]
[Nathalie chuckles]
[Nathalie speaking
in Portuguese]
What?
I'm not gonna remember that.
[Nathalie laughs]
Salt cod fritters.
They're unreal.
I mean, the whole
meal was amazing.
- Right?
I love the food here.
I mean, everything here really.
It's great.
[chuckles] You see?
You are in better
spirits already.
Mm mm, I'll get this.
- Really, are you sure?
- Definitely.
[Nathalie] Thank you.
[Hardin] Of course.
- Oh, I didn't realize
how long we'd been here.
I have to go.
No worries.
Hey, night [laughs].
All right.
Goodnight.
You know, I read your book.
So, what happened with Tessa?
[Hardin sighs]
I fucked that up too, again.
I see.
[soft melancholy music]
[patrons chattering]
[trams rumbling]
[music continues]
[alcohol sloshing]
Hardin?
Hardin, wake up!
Wake up!
What have you done?
What do you mean?
- With the video,
the video of us!
You've sent it around.
Why would you do this?
Why would you do this to me?
- Wait, wait, wait.
- No. You've sent it!
It's been posted.
Everyone's seen it.
Do you know what
this will do to me?
- Fuck.
- You're a fucking liar.
- You're a disgusting liar.
- Nathalie!
Nat!
[Nathalie] Disgusting.
[door slams]
Fuck!
James!
- [laughs] Fuck me, man.
- Hey!
- Hey, you weren't kidding
about Nathalie, bro.
Who did you send it to?
A couple guys.
You know, I might send
it around a little bit.
Why are you being
weird about it?
Why am I being weird?
You sent around a
private fucking video.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Wrong with me [laughs]?
You're the one who
took the bet, bro.
You fucking taped it.
- This is on you,
Hardin, not me.
[dramatic music]
[fist thuds]
[Hardin gasping]
[melancholy music]
Fuck.
[melancholy music continues]
[phone vibrating]
[upbeat music]
[waves splashing]
Give me some of that wine.
- That wine.
- Just sayin',
I'm gonna be carrying
both of you home.
Babe alert, 10 o'clock.
I didn't think you'd make it.
That makes two of us.
And he comes bearing gifts.
To whom do we owe this pleasure?
Mads, Freya, this is Hardin.
Hardin, Maddy, Freya.
You can call me Madeline.
Nice to meet you, Madeline.
- No one ever calls
you Madeline, you ham.
- My ex did once,
the French one.
[Freya scoffs]
"Madeline," yum [squeals]!
- She is always like
this, by the way,
with or without alcohol.
So, how do you two?
Hardin was my first crush.
[Maddy] Hey.
Was I?
Hm.
Just a crush, or?
Okay. Got it.
- None of you guys are
actually from here I take it?
Oh no, no one's from here.
We're as close to locals
as you can get.
All orphans.
This is a good place to come
when you're running
from yourself.
- Well, that's bleak.
- Right?
[Freya chuckles]
[Maddy chuckles]
- [Maddy] Oh God, look
what the tide dragged in.
- Why does it look like a
Dolce & Gabbana plane ad?
- I'll have a little
scratch and sniff.
- Oh, you are officially out.
- What?
Hey there.
- Oh!
- Oh, God no.
You're gettin' me all wet.
Who's this?
Hardin.
Me and Nat, we grew up together.
Hm.
- [Freya] Grow up,
shake his hand.
Well, this is Sebastian.
Sebastian, Hardin's
in town from London.
He's a famous author.
- Wait, what?
- I wouldn't say famous.
I'm just an author...
No?
Would you say bestselling?
What's one of your books?
- There is only
one, but honestly-
It's called "After."
No way I've heard of that.
I've read that.
[Nathalie] No, you haven't.
I loved it.
Well, as much as you
can love something
that makes you ugly
cry every other page.
- [Maddy] I heard
they're making a movie?
Oh, Harry Style should play you.
Thank you.
- [Maddy] So, you're
working on anything now?
I'm trying, yeah.
What is it they say?
Everyone has one book in them,
only the talented have a second.
Huh, wow.
Spoken like a true writer.
Tell me, where can I
find your body of work?
[girls chuckling]
- The boy can keep up.
- Mm hm.
- You ever been
cliff diving, man?
No, I'm putting my foot down.
You are not roping
him into that.
[Sebastian] What? It's fun.
- It's an accident
waiting to happen.
Come on, man.
Let's do it.
[anticipatory music]
[water splashing]
[suspenseful music]
This is a bad idea.
Seriously Hardin, don't
let him pressure you, okay?
- Yeah man, don't
let me pressure you.
[suspenseful music]
- Woo!
[water splashing]
Let's go!
[suspenseful music]
- Where is he?
- I don't know.
[Nathalie and Maddy] Hardin?
[Freya] Come up.
[music continues]
[water splashing]
[gentle music]
Just fuckin' with you.
[Freya speaking faintly]
[soft melancholy music]
[water gurgling]
[water splashing]
[gentle music]
[Hardin panting]
[music continues]
[waves splashing]
[music swells]
Hardin, hey.
You okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, I will be.
[gentle music]
[seagulls squawking]
[phone vibrating]
[soft music]
Me and Nat, we uh,
we grew up together.
[Hardin's voice echoing]
[anticipatory music]
[keyboard keys clacking]
- [Nathalie] Hardin
was my first crush.
[Nathalie's voice echoing]
[siren wailing faintly]
[music continues]
[phone chimes]
[lock screen clicks]
[Tess sighs]
[phone thuds]
[singer vocalizing]
[pedestrians chattering]
[Hardin] Hey.
- Not much of a
morning person, are we?
- Just haven't had
enough coffee yet.
And I am definitely not a
smoothie person, but thank you.
How can you hate smoothies?
It's literally blended
fruit and a bit of veg.
- It's more about the
aesthetic, isn't it?
It's like a holier than thou
wellness cult kinda thing.
Come on, just try it.
Come on.
Mm, yeah.
Maybe you don't know what
kind of person you are.
[upbeat music]
[water splashing]
Can you do me a favor?
Can you pull in the main sheet?
Pull...
What's the main sheet?
[Nathalie] Sorry, the red one.
Pull the red line.
- I just pull it?
- Yes.
- This okay?
Good.
[wind whistling]
[water splashing]
Here.
You look like you need water.
Thanks.
I've been stuck in my
apartment for so long.
Figure it's taken a toll.
Stuck?
- More like
self-contained, I guess.
Figured if I shut myself
away from the world
for long enough eventually
I'd find the words.
You do like to pick
things apart, don't you?
Oh, yeah.
That's how you get
to the good stuff.
So why do you think
you're struggling so much?
Second novel syndrome.
I mean, it's common
enough to have a name
so at least I'm
not the only one.
But I guess there must
be a number of reasons.
Like?
Picking things apart again?
Oh, yeah.
Well, "After" was easy.
I had my muse.
I was inspired.
I could have written
thousands of pages.
It's kind of the irony
of it all, isn't it?
If I didn't have her, I
wouldn't have the book,
but if I didn't have the book,
then I would still have her.
Oh, she didn't like the book?
- She absolutely
fucking hated the book.
The parts that she read, anyway.
It was more about
the circumstances
of how she read
them as well, but-
- Wait, you didn't ask her
permission to write it?
- I really thought that sharing
our story would help people
the same way that it helped me
to get through my shit
and figure things out,
but obviously I now understand
that I shouldn't have gone
and published it to the
entire fucking world
without telling her,
I know that now.
- I mean, it's not nice being
exposed without your consent.
[Nathalie sighs]
[gentle music]
[water splashing]
Do you see that?
There?
That is my dream.
I think I would wake
up every morning
with the biggest smile on
my face if that was my view.
Seems lonely.
- Nah, not if you have the
right person share it with.
[gentle music]
I don't want to lose this.
I don't either.
So, are you ever gonna show me
what you're writing in there?
I...
Maybe, someday.
Someday.
[singer vocalizing]
[upbeat music]
♪ I know what you
are looking for ♪
Here we are, ladies.
- Oh, yes.
- Oh!
Someone got some sun.
- It's a wonder I'm
still standing actually.
She practically dragged me
down the entire coastline.
- Please, you make it sound
like I made you
sail across the Atlantic.
Mm, let's go dance.
[Maddy chuckles]
You wanna join?
- No, you don't
have to babysit me.
- Come on, Hardin,
have fun with us!
I didn't catch that.
- Oh, I think they want
you to come and dance.
- I think you're gonna
have to send my apologies.
[Nathalie chuckles]
[indistinct singing]
- [Sebastian] I
thought you left town.
I'm still here.
For how long?
[Hardin splutters]
You're lucky, you know?
Why is that?
She's too good.
Definitely too good for you
after the shit you pulled.
When she first got
here, she was a mess.
There was nothing.
We spent a lot of time together
that first year talking.
I know who you are.
She never said your
name, but I can tell.
If it were up to me, you'd
be rotting in a cell.
[pensive music]
[upbeat music playing]
What did you say to him?
[singer vocalizing]
[music continues]
♪ Somethin' about ya
Whiskey, a shot.
[Bartender] Yes, Sir.
Again.
♪ Somethin' about ya, babe.
Mm hm.
♪ Somethin' about you
- Come on.
- Hey!
No, you're not doing yourself
any favors sitting
here drowning, okay?
- I'll never forgive myself
for what I did to you.
- You know that?
- Hardin-
Never.
- James posted it.
- Yeah-
It was a long time ago.
So you're fine now?
You're fine?
- I have good days,
I have bad days.
I've moved on.
- And so should you.
- Yeah.
[girls chattering]
[melancholy music]
[radio playing continues]
♪ Somethin' about you
[gentle music]
- I love this.
- What?
This, us.
And we're always
gonna be like this,
you know that, don't you?
[upbeat music]
♪ Somethin' about you
♪ Oh
♪ I don't know what
else I can say ♪
[Nathalie] Woo wee!
♪ Somethin' about you
[indistinct singing]
♪ Oh, oh
[Freya giggling]
- You like to fuck
with girls, right?
How 'bout I fuck with you?
[girls exclaiming]
[head banging]
[Girls] Sebastian!
[girls clamoring]
[fists thudding]
[Hardin grunts]
[pensive music]
[solemn music]
[kicks thudding]
[shouting fades]
[music continues]
Get up, you little shit!
[cell door slams]
[music fades]
[inmates chattering]
[melancholy music]
- And the thought
of you leaving,
it's just getting pretty
dark in here, Tess.
[music continues]
[Tessa] I'm here with you.
[air whooshing]
[keys jingling]
[cell door clanging]
[door creaks]
[pensive music]
- [Christian] Just
when I thought it
couldn't get any worse.
[inmates chattering]
Guess I'm over achiever.
[solemn music]
[keys jingling]
[cell door clangs]
So, how'd you find me, Dad?
Your mom told me.
Apparently she got a
call from a young lady
that you've been
spending some time with.
Nathalie.
We're not...
- She knows it's not-
- No, no,
I didn't think it was.
I just...
I suppose a part
of me hoped that-
Oh, you hoped.
You hoped that I was finally
fucking someone new didn't you?
No.
Yeah, you did.
- God, you can twist
things around, can't you?
Poor Hardin.
The miserable drunk little
victim sitting at home.
Honestly, I mean, I'm
surprised that you're not
even embarrassed by
yourself at this point.
It's pathetic.
[Hardin scoffs]
I was hoping that you've maybe
come away, you've moved on,
started a clean slate, maybe?
Move forward.
[Christian sighs]
Lanny gave me this.
He's been trying to
get through to you.
[envelope rustling]
- I am trying, you know?
- Yeah, yeah.
I am.
I'm fucking trying.
Look at yourself.
Why do you think I came here?
I came here in the first place
to try and resolve my past
so I can move forward.
I am fucking trying.
[gentle music]
[water splashing]
Maybe I need to try harder.
I just don't think I'll ever
move on, even if she has.
Has she?
She says so.
So, you've talked to her?
- It's mostly been one-sided.
She replied to the
last message saying,
"You should move
on, 'cause I have."
I know you are gonna say,
I'm being irrational when...
And I should just let
go but I genuinely,
I cannot comprehend the
thought of giving up on us.
It doesn't make sense to me.
Maybe you don't have to.
Maybe you can hold a space
for her in your heart
like I hold a
space for your mom.
Always.
It doesn't mean
that you can't go on
to have other great loves,
and live a full life.
I don't know.
- Well, take it from
someone who does.
It's easy to believe that our
ability to love is finite,
especially when your
heart is broken.
But believe it or not,
slowly you will heal.
And your capacity for love
will grow exponentially.
You'll be able to keep a
space for Tessa in your heart,
for your family, for
your future children,
for anybody who
comes into your life.
And you never know,
maybe you and Tessa are
meant to be together.
And if that is the case,
then you will find your
way back to each other,
but it's not gonna
happen like this is it?
Look at you.
You go on drinking and
messing up the way you are.
You're right.
You are, of course you're right.
You know, my life was
finally getting somewhere.
You know, with the book I
actually finally did something,
something I was proud of.
And then, yeah, I mean,
I guess it fucked up and
everything blew up in my face.
And now the bar's
so fucking high,
I'll never get back there again.
I'm so scared of failing,
so I just end up ruining
everything instead.
It's pathetic.
- You're right.
- Listen to me.
It's fucking pathetic,
- isn't it?
- Listen.
You need to change the metrics
by which you define success.
You can start by
writing one page a day.
Just that, and that'll
be your success.
And if your second book
comes out and it flunks,
but you've been
real and authentic,
then that is a success.
Whether you end up with a
woman you have loved or not,
you have loved with
every cell in your being,
and that in and of itself
is a spectacular success.
Wow.
You're not bad at
this Dad stuff.
- Now that for me is
the pinnacle of success.
So, what are you gonna do?
Could book a return flight
with me if you want.
No.
Thanks.
I'm gonna stay here for awhile.
Might sort things
through and try to write.
I love you, Son.
Really love you.
I always have.
Always will.
Now, let's get some
food you fuckin' idiot.
[hopeful music]
[water splashing]
[inspirational music]
[alcohol sloshing]
[music continues]
[singer vocalizing]
[bell ringing]
Nathalie.
Sorry for dropping
- by uninvited.
- Good to see you.
- [Nathalie] It's just,
I rang the doorbell
and you weren't on WhatsApp
and I just wanted to
see if you're okay.
I'm fine.
- Should we sit?
- Yes.
- I brought you a
little care package.
I didn't think that you'd
be in a state to go out, so.
This is ridiculously generous.
I should probably tell you
that I've stopped drinking.
- No.
- Yeah [chuckles].
- I'm sorry, that's bad.
- It would've
been very thoughtful.
I'll have the chocolate.
- Oh, Seb is an asshole for
attacking you like that.
I'm so sorry.
He had his reasons.
I really do wish
there was something
I could do to make it up to you.
- Hardin, your apology,
spending this time together,
seeing that you've changed,
that all means something.
You didn't force me
to do anything.
No, but I lied to you, Nat.
I didn't see it then,
but I do see it now.
So, I'm sorry.
[sighs] Oh, sorry.
Does that hurt still?
Oh, okay, sorry.
It does hurt.
- It's fine.
- I'm sorry.
- Okay?
- Yeah.
Oh, no.
- I'm sorry.
- No, it's fine.
I'm still in love with Tessa.
I know she may have
moved on, but I haven't.
I do want you to know
how grateful I am though,
for really giving me the chance
to put what I did behind us.
I think it takes
a lot of bravery
to be so forgiving,
so thank you.
You really deserve someone who
can give you all of themself.
You really do.
You're right, I do.
You do.
[Nathalie laughs]
I think you should take
this wine back, though.
I do.
Let's not waste it.
- It does look
very nice, though.
- Yeah, I'll enjoy
that by myself.
Please do.
[Nathalie laughs]
[Hardin chuckles]
[phone ringing]
[Landon] Hey, it's Landon.
Leave a message.
[phone beeps]
Shit.
Sorry, Landon, I didn't realize
what time it was over there.
I just...
Just calling to say
congratulations.
Wouldn't miss my brother's
wedding for the world.
I love you,
but don't quote me on that.
[phone beeps]
[upbeat music]
♪ We spend so, so
long sorting these ♪
♪ And it's been 24
months now to the day ♪
♪ Even though your
heart's still golden ♪
♪ Somethin' else in
you seen a chance ♪
♪ Well, you can let the wind
blow in any one direction ♪
♪ I know I'm gonna
see you again ♪
♪ And we can trade secrets
♪ Maybe we can get back
to how it used to be ♪
♪ Before it all began
♪ Hold my arm to ya
♪ [indistinct]
♪ Same story but
a different day ♪
♪ Keep your hand [indistinct]
♪ Everyone's got
a different pace ♪
[music continues]
♪ And time's got surprises
you won't believe ♪
♪ While you makin'
friends I'm an enemy ♪
♪ Then other times it's
the other way around ♪
[music continues]
♪ Yeah, yeah
Just that green one.
Thank you.
Keep the change.
[Hardin speaking in Portuguese]
[worker speaking in Portuguese]
They all look beautiful.
They all suit you
but I just think
that the second one is very you.
- Yes.
- It fits you perfectly.
But there's a couple
more over here
- if you wanna just have a look.
- Okay.
Hey.
[Nathalie] Hey.
So, is this goodbye?
I fly tomorrow.
I just came back
to give you this.
It's still very much
a work in progress.
I haven't sent it
to my editor yet
or anything like that, so.
- Don't worry,
I'm sure it's brilliant.
And if it isn't I'll just
pretend it is [smirks].
It's just [sighs],
you're in it,
and I just wanna make sure
that you're entirely okay
with everything in
there before I send it
to my publisher or anyone
else [inhales shakily].
Oh, so you want my permission?
[chuckles] I guess I'm trying
to learn from my old mistakes.
- Well, I look
forward to reading it.
[gentle music]
Have a safe flight, okay?
[Hardin exhales]
Bye, Nathalie.
[light music]
[seagulls squawking]
[waves splashing]
[music intensifying]
[music softens]
[airplane engine humming]
[passengers chattering]
[phone vibrating]
[phone beeps]
[Nathalie exhales]
[gentle music]
[keys jingling]
[Nathalie] You see that?
That is my dream.
[keys jingling]
[music continues]
[leaves rustling]
[soft music]
You look stunning.
Such a beautiful bride.
- I still can't believe
how fast this days come.
- [Nora] What if
he doesn't show up?
- Ken drove him
here this morning.
He would've alerted us
if there was a concern.
- [Tessa] And it's
Landon, he would never.
[fist knocks]
Hope I'm not intruding.
Thanks.
- [Man] Also, the caterer's
havin' a minor meltdown.
- Can you tell her
I'll be a minute?
I can try.
[Tessa] Okay.
- I am sure Landon is just
as nervous as you are,
but between Ken and Hardin-
Oh, if Hardin's helping
I should just cancel
the honeymoon now.
You know, if he wasn't
Landon's brother,
he wouldn't have been invited,
much less the best man.
I'm gonna go check on things.
- So what's it been, two
years since you've seen him?
25 months, but who's counting?
[fist knocks]
Hey, Tess?
- Yeah, okay, coming.
- Okay.
[door closes]
- [Tessa] You
ready, Mrs. Gibson?
- No, but I will be
as soon as I see him.
Are you?
Yeah, of course.
[Landon exhales nervously]
[light instrumental music]
Last chance to bail.
Me, bail?
You're the one who's
nervous about seeing her.
I'm not nervous.
I'm fine.
You're fine?
- She's the maid of honor,
I figured she'd show.
Okay, hot stuff.
Go talk to her.
[soft violin music]
[Landon exhales nervously]
[gentle music]
- You really do have
an eye for this stuff.
Thank you.
[music continues]
[soft music]
[upbeat music]
[singer singing]
[Robert speaking indistinctly]
[Tessa laughs]
There he is.
[Hardin] Hey.
Hey.
You all right?
Yeah, I'm fine.
[Tessa speaking faintly]
Tell him.
- I am enjoying this
way too much to put him
out of his misery.
[Christian] Have mercy.
Enjoying what?
What?
They're not together.
- Landon said
they're inseparable.
Yeah, like brother and sister.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah, no, no-
- He's dating a
literal neuroscientist
and apparently they're already
talking about marriage,
so yes, I am sure.
[singer singing]
Hey.
I need a favor.
[upbeat music]
[Tessa chuckles]
Tessa, wanna go dance?
- Yeah.
- Yes, she does.
Yeah, sure.
[Landon laughs]
♪ You know I need ya
♪ Know I need ya
♪ I need ya
♪ Oh, my love
♪ Oh
- Thought I'd save you.
- Hey.
He's a bit short.
Terrible dancer, too.
[gentle music]
He told me you bribed him.
♪ Sleep walkin'
without knowin' ♪
♪ Gave up fightin' the river
♪ Watching the madness
♪ I can see much more
You look well.
Well?
- Good, handsome,
very hot [chuckles].
- You are always the most
beautiful woman in the room.
I owe you an apology.
I never meant to
publicly embarrass you
after writing "After,"
- and I'm so sorry.
- I know, I know.
- It was wrong to publish
it without your permission
and I know that now.
I really hurt you,
Tess, and I'm sorry.
I'm really proud of you.
Thank you.
♪ With hearts beating
- [Woman] Will everyone
please take your seats?
It's time for the toasts.
For my 21st.
It's the only one.
Hardin?
- You know I almost didn't
take this best man gig
because I knew I'd
have to do this
and gush about my feelings
for the two of you.
And we all know I hate
to divulge these days.
[guests chuckling]
All right, get to the point.
When I first met Landon,
- I instantly hated him.
- Oh boy.
- And I was jealous.
He had everything I ever
wanted in life.
He has a loving family, I mean,
he had plans for his future.
And well, now, now
he has a beautiful,
amazing, talented wife, Nora.
But I have to admit,
I relished in watching
you guys relationship unfold.
[chuckles] At the start
when Nora used to come over,
Landon would go from being
the smartest guy in the room
to being a blithering idiot
who just couldn't string
sentences together.
[guests chuckling]
But he found his way,
and the next thing I knew you
were both head over heels,
walking into walls at the
thought of each other.
That did happen.
- You two will never
know how lucky you are
to spend the rest of your lives
with the other
half of your soul,
until you've had to spend
your life without them.
[melancholy music]
So, to walking into walls.
Congratulations, guys.
Nora, you've made an
excellent choice with this...
With this guy and
I love you both.
Thanks.
[guests applauding]
[music continues]
Cheers.
[melancholy music]
[Hardin knocking]
[pins clattering]
[Tessa breathing heavily]
- You can't just talk
about us like that.
About our souls.
Why not?
[scoffs] Because...
Because it's too hard.
Because you do it all the
time in interviews and...
I'm sorry.
I've just been trying
to get your attention.
You really piss me off.
[gentle music]
Are you sure?
[music continues]
♪ And I use you as
a warning sign ♪
♪ That if you talk enough sense
then you'll lose your mind ♪
♪ And I'll use you
as a focal point ♪
♪ So, I don't lose
sight of what I want ♪
♪ And I moved further
than I thought I could ♪
♪ But I missed you more
than I thought I would ♪
♪ And I'll use you
as a warning sign ♪
♪ That if you talk enough sense
then you'll lose your mind ♪
♪ And I found love where
it wasn't supposed to be ♪
[Hardin panting]
[Tessa panting]
♪ Right in front of me
♪ Talk some sense to me
♪ And I found love where
it wasn't supposed to be ♪
[Tess moans]
♪ Out in front of me
♪ Talk some sense to me
- I love you.
- How 'bout that?
[Tessa laughs]
Oh, Tessa [panting].
♪ And I'll use you
as a makeshift game ♪
♪ Of how much to give
and how much to take ♪
♪ Oh, I'll use as
a warning sign ♪
♪ That if you talk enough sense
then you'll lose your mind ♪
♪ And I found love where
it wasn't supposed to be ♪
♪ Right in front of me
♪ You talked some sense to me
[Hardin chuckles]
[Tess chuckles]
[Hardin panting]
♪ And I found love where
it wasn't supposed to be ♪
We're a mess.
- You know, I'm beginning
to think we're not.
♪ Talk some sense to me
[Hardin panting]
[Tessa panting]
[music fading]
Can I say something?
Since when do you ask?
- I'm sorry that I
pulled away from you
after I read your manuscript.
- Tess, I didn't
handle it right.
I was just so worried
what people would
think about me, or us.
But I choose you.
We're inevitable.
[Hardin chuckles]
[Tessa chuckles]
Yeah, we are.
We are.
I can't imagine
living another moment
on this earth without
you by my side, Tess.
I fucking love you, so much.
I wanna marry you. Do you...
[gentle music]
Theresa Lynn Young,
[Tessa laughs]
will you marry me?
Yeah?
[Tessa gasps]
[swelling instrumental music]
Some day [laughs].
[Hardin laughs]
- Yeah, yeah,
we'll go somewhere nice
to eat when you get here.
Okay, sounds good.
All right then, Mom,
well, have a safe flight.
I love you lots
and see you soon.
All right, buh-bye.
♪ Tell me how to
be in this world ♪
I'm home.
[Tessa] Hi.
[Hardin gasps]
Hiya.
[Hardin speaking faintly]
♪ Tell me that the
light goes out ♪
♪ Even in the dark
we'll find a way out ♪
♪ Tell me now 'cause I
believe it's happenin' ♪
♪ I believe in love
[Tessa laughs]
♪ Love
[singer vocalizing]
[music fades]
♪ Baby, I think we made
it after all this time ♪
♪ I can see us on
the other side ♪
♪ I'll love you
for the long ride ♪
♪ Do or die, I'd
do it all again ♪
♪ A million times
♪ If I knew that
on the other side ♪
♪ You'd love me
for the long ride ♪
♪ I thought the fairytale
was nothing but a fiction ♪
♪ But I've got tunnel vision
♪ Now you're my addiction
♪ Star crossed lovers,
never could be another ♪
♪ Baby, I think we made
it after all this time ♪
♪ I could see us
on the other side ♪
♪ I'll love you
for the long ride ♪
♪ Just say you'll love
for me for the long ride ♪
♪ Oo, baby
♪ Just lemme love you
for the long ride ♪
♪ I'll love you
[inspirational music]
[gentle music]
[music fades]